The knowledge of cooking does not come pre-installed in a vagina.  - Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
It [childbearing] was never intended to be as time-consuming and self-conscious a process as it is. One of the deepest evils in our society is tyrannical nurturance. - Germaine Greer
We can only afford two children' is a squalid argument, but more acceptable in our society than 'we don't like children'. - Germaine Greer
When you can't challenge the presence of a man in female spaces, you put women's safety at risk of predatory men. - @ariana_erbon
If ‘white feminism’ is a thing, gender identity ideology epitomizes it - @8RosarioSanchez
I consider filmmaking to be voyeuristic in nature, especially in human rights documentaries where one has to constantly remember to capture an injustice, as opposed to intervene and stop it. - @vaishax
It is agreed that 'girls take more bringing up' than boys: what that really means is that girls must be more relentlessly supervised and repressed if the desired result is to ensue. - Germaine Greer
Until I started writing about gender-identity ideology, I had no idea how many men do not even see women as human. We're just scenery to them, background to male people's full and meaningful lives - @HJoyceGender
Pornography is used in rape - to plan it, to execute it, to choreograph it, to engender the excitement to commit the act. - Andrea Dworkin
A library is a place where you can lose your innocence without losing your virginity. - Germaine Greer
Loneliness is never more cruel than when it is felt in close propinquity with someone who has ceased to communicate. - Germaine Greer
Any study about 'gender' as an 'identity' is an ideological brain decay. It is disingenuous and devoid of any common sense. - @vaishax
The house wife is an unpaid employee in her husband's house in return for the security of being a permanent employee. - Germaine Greer
The only reason you say that race was not an issue is because you wish it was not. We all wish it was not. But it’s a lie. - Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Being a Jew, one learns to believe in the reality of cruelty and one learns to recognize indifference to human suffering as a fact.  - Andrea Dworkin
Man is jealous because of his amour propre; woman is jealous because of her lack of it. - Germaine Greer
I am not ‘anti’ anything except the numerous derivative forms of misogyny. I am a woman, an adult human female, I can’t identify out of my sex class nor my oppression. I can, however, challenge it, resist and fight it. I choose to fight. - @vaishax
I have chosen to no longer be apologetic for my femaleness and my femininity. And I want to be respected in all of my femaleness because I deserve to be.  - Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
When confronted with evidence that, historically and globally, women’s oppression is sex-based, gender identity politics simply claims that sex itself is an “invented” social construct. - @8RosarioSanchez
Probably the only place where a man can feel really secure is in a maximum security prison, except for the imminent threat of release. - Germaine Greer
Oh f*ck off you w*nker - @MagdalenBerns
It is not enough to call yourself a feminist because you are a strong woman. Thatcher was an enemy to feminism, as is Nadine Dorries. It is not about personal liberty and freedom, but the emancipation from oppression and tyranny for ALL women - @bindelj
Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are.  - Andrea Dworkin
I dream of a day in the very distant future where Indian women will find freedom, safety and dignity. For that one girl, all my pain seems worth it  - @vaishax
The compelled mother loves her child as the caged bird sings. The song does not justify the cage nor the love the enforcement. - Germaine Greer
What we ought to see in the agonies of puberty is the result of the conditioning that maims the female personality in creating the feminine. - Germaine Greer
Human beings have an inalienable right to invent themselves. - Germaine Greer
Status ought not to be measured by a woman's ability to attract and snare a man. - Germaine Greer
I find that those men who are personally most polite to women, who call them angels and all that, cherish in secret the greatest contempt for them. - Germaine Greer
If a man can be appointed Period Dignity Officer then I look forward to receiving in the mail my appointment as Chief Defender of the Prostate.  - @8RosarioSanchez
Women are not fighting for a piece of pie. We demand our own f*cking pie! - @vaishax
Defining women as the people whose bodies developed along the female reproductive pathway is limiting only if you regard female embodiment as limiting. - @HJoyceGender
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man; no society will survive a shortage of women. - Germaine Greer
Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny; it is the political defense of women hating.  - Andrea Dworkin
Every indian female has been abandoned by the left, face imminent slow death in the hands of the right. Both fuelled by an unbelievable amount of hatred for the female sex class. - @vaishax
The argument between wives and whores is an old one; each one thinking that whatever she is, at least she is not the other.  - Andrea Dworkin
I think that testosterone is a rare poison. - Germaine Greer
Libraries are reservoirs of strength, grace and wit, reminders of order, calm and continuity, lakes of mental energy, neither warm nor cold, light nor dark. - Germaine Greer
Women have very little idea of how much men hate them. - Germaine Greer
Presumably, the Romanian women and girls who are filling up brothels in Spain would like to opt-out of their gender. - @8RosarioSanchez
Radical feminists like me have suffered a loss of livelihood, heckled, cancelled and de-platformed because lib-fem orgs would much rather derail important feminist work than put our differences aside and show solidarity on common struggles that affect all women. - @vaishax
Women who are radical feminists are not men-hunters. Sorry, I meant men-haters. Radical Feminists don’t hate men. But you can, if you want to. - @ariana_erbon
Culture does not make people. People make culture. If it is true that the full humanity of women is not our culture, then we can and must make it our culture. - Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
She becomes symbol of this, symbol of that: mother of the earth, slut of the universe; but she never becomes herself because it is forbidden for her to do so.  - Andrea Dworkin
We in the West do not refrain from childbirth because we are concerned about the population explosion or because we feel we cannot afford children, but because we do not like children. - Germaine Greer
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed. - Germaine Greer
The tragedy of machismo is that a man is never quite man enough. - Germaine Greer
In this dystopian world where misogyny is rampant, and womanhood is commodified, being female comes at a cost. - @vaishax
Developing the muscles of the soul demands no competitive spirit, no killer instinct, although it may erect pain barriers that the spiritual athlete must crash through. - Germaine Greer
If a person loves only one other person, and is indifferent to his fellow men, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism. - Germaine Greer
To argue that sex is not real and that gender is innate or chosen, instead of socially imposed, demonstrates both ignorance to the world around you as well as a position of privilege. - @8RosarioSanchez
I have been told I am ‘always angry’. - @vaishax
Woman is not born: she is made. In the making, her humanity is destroyed. - Andrea Dworkin
Sexism is the foundation on which all tyranny is built. Every social form of hierarchy and abuse is modeled on male-over-female domination.  - Andrea Dworkin
Teach her that if you criticize X in women but do not criticize X in men, then you do not have a problem with X, you have a problem with women. - Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
I thought the one battle we feminists won fair and square was to convince at least those left of centre that gender roles are made up. They are not real. We develop traditional masculine or feminine traits by being indoctrinated, not coz we are biologically programmed ~ @bindelj
Women’s Day: The day men Google “When is men’s day?” - @vaishax
I didn't fight to get women out from behind vacuum cleaners to get them onto the board of Hoover. - Germaine Greer
Every human body has its optimum weight and contour, which only health and efficiency can establish. Whenever we treat women's bodies as aesthetic objects without function we deform them. - Germaine Greer
Incredible India, a magical, mystical land where drawing an imaginary hole at any given point would fetch a few dicks wagging about fighting to enter it. - @vaishax
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings ~ Cheris Kramarae
This grim coalition combines to inculpate women themselves of the crimes committed against them. - Germaine Greer
Sexual religion is the opiate of the supermenial. - Germaine Greer
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat. ~ Rebecca West
I don't "spout" anything. Just like I don't "identify" as anything. Im not a fucking AFAB, i AM a WOMAN. I don't need to live my life cooking up nonsense about my personality & I don't base my sense of self worth on it. I read, work hard & state facts. That's it. - @vaishax
As a woman, I can see my cage. My cage doesn't define me, my cage limits me. Many other women tell me they can see their cages, too, and that way we see each other's cages. The cages that we share as women. As a woman, why can't you see your cage? - @ariana_erbon
Men are rewarded for learning the practice of violence in virtually any sphere of activity by money, admiration, recognition, respect, and the genuflection of others honoring their sacred and proven masculinity.  - Andrea Dworkin
The real theater of the sex war is the domestic hearth. - Germaine Greer
Until women themselves reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat them, they have no hope of achieving full human stature. - Germaine Greer
No (Indian) community is pro women. It is always the women who clean up after men. Or are there for the benefit of men; or their titillation. - @vaishax
Act quickly, think slowly. - Germaine Greer
Never advise anyone to go to war or to get married. Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at present. He that has no children brings them up well. - Germaine Greer
One may not reach the dawn save by the path of the night. - Germaine Greer
There is no such thing as security. There never has been. - Germaine Greer
Evolution is what it is. The upper classes have always died out; it's one of the most charming things about them. - Germaine Greer
Men contest in women's sports and steal their scholarships. University asks female students to pay their fees by doing sExWoRk. Men benefit both ways, women lose both ways. There can't be a more categorically sinister neo-misogyny than this. - @vaishax
Institutionalized in sports, the military, acculturated sexuality, the history and mythology of heroism, violence is taught to boys until they becomes its advocates.  - Andrea Dworkin
The principle of the brotherhood of man is narcissistic... for the grounds for that love have always been the assumption that we ought to realize that we are the same the whole world over. - Germaine Greer
I have always been principally interested in men for sex. I've always thought any sane woman would be a lover of women because loving men is such a mess. I have always wished I'd fall in love with a woman. Damn. - Germaine Greer
The sight of women talking together has always made men uneasy; nowadays it means rank subversion. - Germaine Greer
But gender identity politics reduces this reality — and womanhood itself — to a trivial, malleable identity. It is baffling that in a world where women and girls face structural oppression due to their biology, gender identity politics has thrived. - @8RosarioSanchez
Your feminist premise should be: I matter. I matter equally. Not “if only.” Not “as long as.” I matter equally. Full stop. - Chimamanda Ngozi
There is not a single proponent of gender ideology that doesn't think porn is empowering. In other words, everyone who thinks porn is great, supports gender ideology. Food for thought. - @vaishax
Males are easier to include in a movement centred on personal choice than in a movement centred on an analysis of male oppression and exploitation of females. - @HJoyceGender
I think you travel to search and you come back home to find yourself there. ― Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
It is no joke to be a woman in a patriarchal system - @ariana_erbon
While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact.  - Andrea Dworkin
Rescuing women from their burden of unwarranted guilt is going to require 'educational practices and socializing agents' even more effective than the ones that have been relentlessly loading female humans with responsibility for other people's behavior from childhood. - Greer
The surest guide to the correctness of the path that women take is joy in the struggle. Revolution is the festival of the oppressed. - Germaine Greer
The management of fertility is one of the most important functions of adulthood. - Germaine Greer
Psychoanalysis is the confession without absolution. - Germaine Greer
There is no luxury of dignity in a job that entitles men to violate you, especially when you've not eaten a decent meal in days. What dignity are these idiots trying to give women stuck in prostitution? How enraging (& embarrassing) to call this work? - @vaishax
Of course I am not worried about intimidating men. The type of man who will be intimidated by me is exactly the type of man I have no interest in. - Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
A woman at a certain age who is unmarried, our society teaches her to see it as a deep personal failure. And a man, after a certain age isn’t married, we just think he hasn’t come around to making his pick. - Chimamanda Ngozi
It strikes me as very strange that whereas Tennyson could support most of Mr. Buckley's propositions about free trade, and the private sector, and private enterprise, Tennyson found no difficulty also in lending intellectual support to the idea of Women's Lib. - Greer
Security is when everything is settled, when nothing can happen to you; security is the denial of life. - Germaine Greer
English culture is basically homosexual in the sense that the men only really care about other men. - Germaine Greer
Perhaps catastrophe is the natural human environment, and even though we spend a good deal of energy trying to get away from it, we are programmed for survival amid catastrophe. - Germaine Greer
You're only young once, but you can be immature forever - Germaine Greer
Capitalism sells women’s bodies with a pink wrapping paper - @vaishax
Perhaps women have always been in closer contact with reality than men: it would seem to be the just recompense for being deprived of idealism. - Germaine Greer
Women are reputed never to be disgusted. The sad fact is that they often are, but not with men; following the lead of men, they are most often disgusted with themselves. - Germaine Greer
Even crushed against his brother in the Tube the average Englishman pretends desperately that he is alone. - Germaine Greer
Every woman knows that, regardless of all her other achievements, she is a failure if she is not beautiful. - Germaine Greer
Australia is a huge rest home, where no unwelcome news is ever wafted on to the pages of the worst newspapers in the world. - Germaine Greer
Radical Feminism is the only way to stop radical misogyny - @vaishax
Marriage made more sense when it was indissoluble. It's the woman trying to cope with the strains of a one-parent family who will suffer most from the relaxation of the divorce laws. - Germaine Greer
Sadness is the matrix from which wit and irony spring; sadness is uncomfortable and creative, which is why consumer society cannot tolerate it. - Germaine Greer
Reading was my first solitary vice (and led to all others). I read while I ate, I read in the loo, I read in the bath. When I was supposed to be sleeping, I was reading. - Germaine Greer
Yet if a woman never lets herself go, how will she ever know how far she might have got? If she never takes off her high-heeled shoes, how will she ever know how far she could walk or how fast she could run? - Germaine Greer
Bras are a ludicrous invention; but if you make bralessness a rule, you're just subjecting yourself to yet another repression. - Germaine Greer
Security is the denial of life - Germaine Greer
If you want men not to find something hide it in your clitoris - @vaishax
Supergroupies don't have to hang around hotel corridors. When you are one, as I have been, you get invited backstage. - Germaine Greer
It takes a great deal of courage and independence to decide to design your own image instead of the one that society rewards, but it gets easier as you go along. - Germaine Greer
Is it too much to ask that women be spared the daily struggle for superhuman beauty in order to offer it to the caresses of a subhumanly ugly mate? - Germaine Greer
Many a housewife staring at the back of her husband's newspaper, or listening to his breathing in bed is lonelier than any spinster in a rented room. - Germaine Greer
It's absolutely philistine not to recognize what a great book 'An American Dream' is. Norman Mailer is his own worst enemy, and if you don't catch him in a defensive position, he'll admit it. I'd really like to help that man. - Germaine Greer
Those miserable women who blame the men who let them down for their misery and isolation enact every day the initial mistake of sacrificing their personal responsibility for themselves. - Germaine Greer
...the consequences of militancy do not disappear when the need for militancy is over. Freedom is fragile and must be protected. To sacrifice it, even as a temporary measure, is to betray it. - Germaine Greer
Women live lives of continual apology. They are born and raised to take the blame for other people's behavior. If they are treated without respect, they tell themselves that they have failed to earn respect. - Germaine Greer
Freud is the father of psychoanalysis. It has no mother. - Germaine Greer
Men jerk off to women’s trauma, call it pornography, and make women champion it as ‘choice’ - @vaishax
If you think you are emancipated, you might consider the idea of tasting your own menstrual blood - if it makes you sick, you've got a long way to go, baby. - Germaine Greer
A housewife's work has no results: it simply has to be done again. Bringing up children is not a real occupation, because children come up just the same, brought up or not. - Germaine Greer
Gillard is as likeable as Rudd is charmless. She is self-deprecating; he is ludicrously vainglorious. She is a mistress of understatement; he is a ranter. - Germaine Greer
The patterns of gratification are simple, and seem to fall into two patterns, the Great Bitch and the Poison Maiden. - Germaine Greer
The occupational hazard of being a Playboy Bunny is the aching facial muscles brought on by obligatory smiles. - Germaine Greer
If she is efficient and capable or ambitious, it is assumed that she has failed to find satisfaction as a normal woman, even to the extent of implying a glandular abnormality or sexual perversion. - Germaine Greer
Above all, for his merciless, contemptuous treatment of Clifford Chatterley, blown to bits in Flanders in 1918, Lawrence can be damned to hell. Damned but not banned. - Germaine Greer
It was not until much later when, after a deep and satisfying orgasm, I suddenly realised the true meaning of the fairy tale and the nature of the magic kiss of which it speaks. - Germaine Greer
The essence of pleasure is spontaneity. - Germaine Greer
Men are the enemy in much the same way that some crazed boy in uniform was the enemy of another like him in most respects except the uniform. One possible tactic is to try to get the uniforms off. - Germaine Greer
Guilt is one side of a nasty triangle; the other two are shame and stigma. - Germaine Greer
The care of children is infinitely better left to the best trained practitioners of both sexes who have chosen it as a vocation.[This] would further undermine family structure while contributing to the freedom of women. ~ Kate Millett
The difference between left-wing and right-wing when it comes to women is only about where exactly on our necks their boots should be placed. To right-wing men, we are private property. To left-wing men, we are public property. - Andrea Dworkin
I'm a radical feminist, not the fun kind. - Andrea Dworkin