Vaishnavi speaks half a dozen languages with humans and 40 million dialects of gibberish with her fur babies.
Vaishnavi writes the most soulful poetry https://psiloveyou.xyz/empty-hallway-7094843ef471
Vaishnavi eats mango with the skin intact!
Vaishnavi has a badass Medusa tattoo on her calf!
Vaishnavi was born in a nondescript military industrial town called Avadi.
Vaishnavi studied vernacular medium but eventually developed an awesome command of English through sheer grit and self learning.
Vaishnavi prefers red wine over white.
Vaishnavi has an Encyclopaedic knowledge of women authors.
Vaishnavi has watched every obscure foreign film you will ever think of.
Vaishnavi is the most reliable guide on the best films and series currently airing on Netflix.
Vaishnavi is a great storyteller. Literally. She will animate a scene in such vivid detail it will teleport you there.
Vaishnavi could groove to numbers like these for hours! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEQ0l_m3Xm0
Vaishnavi finds her own jokes hilarious! But she is also genuinely funny. But don’t tell her that.
Vaishnavi has mastered every aspect and tech of filmmaking from writing to sound, edits and  post-production. But can’t book a correct flight ticket on the first try. Especially if the take-off/ landing timings crossover midnight.
Vaishnavi is a fantastic singer. She can hold a key and reach octaves you didn’t know existed.
Vaishnavi loves the blues. Play her Nina Simone any day of the week. But she also secretly likes some contemporary pop https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQzS3JnZQZM
Vaishnavi is not a foodie. She can eat insipid spinach 6 times a week.
Vaishnavi will always put the tv on loud when she goes to the loo when others are present in the house.
Vaishnavi takes great care of her personal items. Her shoes, bags and cell phones will last longer than the Egyptian Pyramids will.
Vaishnavi was terrified of being in 3 feet of water until her 30s. She eventually got over it and swims. But don’t count on her saving your life if you’re drowning.
Vaishnavi can mimic people’s voices and mannerisms better than an African Gray Parrot.
Vaishnavi speaks half a dozen languages with humans and 40 million dialects of gibberish with her fur babies.
Vaishnavi has enough Tamil swear words in her vocabulary to fill the Library of Congress.
Vaishnavi’s love of animals made her give up meat altogether.
Vaishnavi is the best Bachata dancer on the sub-continent.
Vaishnavi identified with libfems eons ago, and now the memory makes her cringe.
Vaishnavi is a compulsive perfectionist. And she expects the same from others. So if you’re making her a logo, website or music, be prepared to cry tears of blo*d.
